GEX readme.md editorial affection (#13)
cosmos/gex: readme.md

## GEX In-Terminal Gaia Explorer

GEX is a real time in-terminal explorer for Cosmos SDK blockchains. See the [Check out your Cosmos SDK blockchain in a terminal-based block explorer](https://blog.cosmos.network/gaia-explorer-in-terminal-f37a4ea52e3c) blog post to learn more about GEX.

The GEX explorer displays blocks, transactions, validator, network status, and more information. Use the GEX block explorer to see the status of peers, connection, version, and other useful information to have a quick peek into your own node. GEX works with Starport.

## Install GEX

The GEX installation requires Go. If you don't already have Go installed, see https://golang.org/dl. Download the binary release that is suitable for your system and follow the installation instructions.

To install the GEX binary:

`go get -u github.com/cosmos/gex`

## Run GEX

To launch a GEX explorer in your terminal window, type:

`gex`

## Optional Port

`gex -p 27657`

## Sneak Peak

![Terminal](./render.gif "Render Terminal")

> ## Run Manually

Author: why would we run GEX manually? if we have a good reason, let's say what that is. otherwise, remove this part

Reviewer: I think mostly for developers.

Reviewer: Could be part of the CONTRIBUTING file

Author: so... I'm not clear on how I can help here... teach me!

To manually run GEX, clone the `github.com/cosmos/gex` repository and then cd into the `gex` directory. Then to run GEX manually, type this command in a terminal window:

`go run main.go`

## Contribute

Thanks for contributing!

> Check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about how to contribute and how the code is structured.

Author: ```suggestion
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about how to contribute and how the code is structured.
```
